HELLO FELlOW SCRIPT KID!

This is a little guide to help you set the database up on codio. 
If you encounter an issue - it's probably this guide not you lol. 
alright lets just get this started!

(if you encounter an error - please skip to "IF ERROR" after step 11.)

STEP 1. take a deep breath - you're in for one hell of a ride.

STEP 2. go into codio terminal

STEP 3. download mongo by Opening your Codio server as normal and select tools
        -> install software from the menu at the top -> 
        enter "mongo" ->install software.

STEP 4. go into beta 3 directory by typing "cd cm2104-group-web-app-lost-broken/final/beta3"

STEP 5. type "npm init" and follow instructions(all can be left blank if you want)

STEP 6. Download those other things too by typing (for every "," press enter int the terminal for a new line) 
        "npm install body-parser","npm install express-session"

STEP 7. just for extra messure type "npm install mongodb@2.2.32" cuz I'm pretty paranoid

STEP 8. type the following commands (for every "," press enter in the terminal for a new line) - 
        "mongo","use audstrum","db.user.insert({username:"tester",password:"test123"})",
        "db.saveSound.insert({title:"testsound",image:"testimage.png",sound:"testsound.mp3",user:"tester"})","exit"

STEP 9. If for some miricle that actually worked - congrats! 
        I didn't think it was possible to do it like that...

STEP 10. check to see if the database is there, type (for every ',' press enter in the terminal for a new line)
         "mongo","show dbs" ("audstrum" should now be there),"use audstrum","show collections"("user" and "saveSound") 
         should be there.

STEP 11. YOU'RE DONE! now my code should work fine (SHOULD...maybe...) and the database is all mixed 
         in ready for you to work with in your code.

IF ERROR: Aw well would you look at that. don't worry, we can't be winners all the time. 
          I have messed up somewhere and you should tell me about it. I will be sad to hear it but 
          don't worry - deep down I will be happy to fix the issue asap. or at least try...

Now, the database consists of two files or collections - user and saveSound. user consists of the
"fields" username and password. saveSound consists of the "fields" title, image, sound and user.
to see this - after pressing enter after "use audstrum" (see step 10) type db.*collection name*.find()
and it should display all the data within the collection. 

Now, the login - if once again - it actually works - the currently logged in user will be stored as a cookie 
reffered to as a session. in your own code you should be able to call this with a line to receive the user
name of the logged on user (I don't know the line but it should say on the internet if you search 
"node.js how to get username from current session" or something like that. Yeah I know very profesional of 
me lol. 

ASHLEIGH - you will get the username from the session and add it with the search data to the savesound collection.
           make sure to refer to the labs and the db when adding them to not accidently create a new field lol. 
           ofc you will need to store the actuall image and sound files in a seperate folder and store the 
           link to it.

ALRIC - you will get the username from the session and run a query - get all records from saveSound collection
        where 'user' field is equal to the current logged in user. After that ofc just put it into html. 
        note that the image and sound fields are actually just link to the files within the repo so make sure 
        to use the correct html to display them as the file rather than just displaying it as a link.

CONNOR - you will use the form to get username and password - after that you will write some simple code in 
         server.js to append the forms data into the "users" collection. 

Next week, I will be creating a navigation which will include a login but that's seperate so don't 
worry too much about that.

THANK YOU AND GOOD LUCK!
        